Prevent to open a node w/o children and empty viewUrl (#2139)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  * dynamic path segments
  * node parameters

### intendToHaveEmptyViewUrl
- **type**: boolean

> - **description**: forces to navigate to the empty viewUrl node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: when set to `true`, it forces navigation to the empty **viewUrl** node.
```
